Challenge: Which model?
You now have a fairly substantial starting toolbox of supervised learning methods that you can use to tackle a host of exciting problems. To make sure all of these ideas are organized in your mind, please go through the list of problems below. For each, identify which supervised learning method(s) would be best for addressing that particular problem. Explain your reasoning and discuss your answers with your mentor.

1. Predict the running times of prospective Olympic sprinters using data from the last 20 Olympics.

Because the target variable is continuse,I think, it is better to use regression models such as linear regression, KNN regression, SVM and random forest.


2. You have more features (columns) than rows in your dataset.

I think it is better to use PCA or other feature selection techniques to select most important features and then run ensemble model,such as random forest or boosting model.


3. Identify the most important characteristic predicting likelihood of being jailed before age 20.

 I think the target variable is classification, so, any classification can use for this. Also, gradient boosting gives us a feature importance.
 
 
4. Implement a filter to “highlight” emails that might be important to the recipient.
 
I think the target variable is classification and we can use any classification model such as naive bayes (Bernoulli, Multinomial, or Gaussian) to filter. As you know naive bayes can be quite useful for spam filtering. 
 
 
 5. You have 1000+ features.
 
 I think it is better to use PCA or other feature selection techniques to select most important features and then run regreesion or classifier models.
 
 
 6. Predict whether someone who adds items to their cart on a website will purchase the items.
 
 I think it is a classification model. We can use any classification model such as logistic regression, random forest. 
 
 
 7. Your dataset dimensions are 982400 x 500
 
  I think it is better to use PCA or other feature selection techniques to select most important features and then run regreesion or classifier models.
  
  8. Identify faces in an image.
 
 I think it is  classification model and we can use any classification model.
  
  
  9.Predict which of three flavors of ice cream will be most popular with boys vs girls.
  
  I think it is  classification model and we can use any classification model.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 